BUILD.md: ensure build_type and CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE match (#5274)
XRPLF/rippled: BUILD.md

    ```
    conan install .. --output-folder . --build missing --settings build_type=Release
    ```

    To build Debug, set `build_type=Debug` (instead of Release) and in the next step, set `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug`

> 

Reviewer: How about including both `conan install` commands?
```
conan install .. --output-folder . --build missing --settings build_type=Release
conan install .. --output-folder . --build missing --settings build_type=Debug
```
or even nerdier
```
for type in Release Debug
do
  conan install .. --output-folder . --build missing --settings build_type=${type}
done
```

Most developers should be able to build rippled with either setting, and this has them ready for both. If they don't want both, it's more obvious (IMHO) to leave a command out than it is to add a second one if they do. Worst case, they waste the extra time and disk space for something they don't need, but the time is only wasted once.

Author: ok. I moved this line up, since it's what I missed the first time.
```
    Pass the CMake variable [`CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`][build_type]
    and make sure it matches the `build_type` setting you chose in the previous
    step.
```

    Single-config generators:

>     Pass the CMake variable [`CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`][build_type]
>     and make sure it matches the `build_type` setting you chose in the previous
>     step.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how nitpicky I want to be about this. If you build both configurations, as the example above shows, conan is smart enough to combine the outputs in the toolchain file, and you can successfully build with either value in `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`. In other words, you don't necessarily have to wipe the build directory in between to choose one conan config or the other. 

I think this is clear enough as-is, but consider:
```suggestion
    Pass the CMake variable [`CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`][build_type]
    and make sure it matches the one of the `build_type` settings
    you chose in the previous step.
```

4. Re-run [conan install](#build-and-test).

### 'protobuf/port_def.inc' file not found

> If `cmake --build .` results in an error due to a missing a protobuf file, then you might have generated CMake files for a different `build_type` than the `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` you passed to CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `cmake --build .` results in an error due to a missing a protobuf file, then you might have generated CMake files for a different `build_type` than the `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` you passed to conan.
```
